Problem Statement - WHO Case Study
Case Study: Income group classification(WHO data) using Logistic Regression

Context:
DeltaSquare is an NGO that works with the Government on matters of social policy to bring about a change in the lives of underprivileged sections of society. They are tasked with coming up with a policy framework by looking at the data government got from WHO. You as a data scientist at DeltaSquare are tasked with solving this problem and sharing a proposal for the government.


Problem:
The data-set aims to answer the following key questions:

What are the different factors that influence the income of an individual?

Is there a good predictive model for income that exists? What does the performance assessment look like for such a model?


Attribute Information:
The data contains characteristics of the people

age: continuous - age of a Person
workclass: Where do a person works - categorical -Private, Self-emp-not-inc, Self-emp-inc, Federal-gov, Local-gov, State-gov, Without-pay, Never-worked.
fnlwgt: This weight is assigned by the Current Population Survey (CPS). People with similar demographic characteristics should have similar weights since it is a feature aimed to allocate similar weights to people with similar demographic characteristics - continuous
education: Degree the person has - Bachelors, Some-college, 11th, HS-grad, Prof-school, Assoc-acdm, Assoc-voc, 9th, 7th-8th, 12th, Masters, 1st-4th, 10th, Doctorate, 5th-6th, Preschool.
education-num: no. of years a person studied - continuous.
marital-status: Married-civ-spouse, Divorced, Never-married, Separated, Widowed, Married-spouse-absent, Married-AF-spouse.
occupation: Tech-support, Craft-repair, Other-service, Sales, Exec-managerial, Prof-specialty, Handlers-cleaners, Machine-op-inspct, Adm-clerical, Farming-fishing, Transport-moving, Priv-house-serv, Protective-serv, Armed-Forces.
relationship: Wife, Own-child, Husband, Not-in-family, Other-relative, Unmarried.
race: White, Asian-Pac-Islander, Amer-Indian-Eskimo, Other, Black.
sex: Female, Male.
capital-gain: Investment gain of the person other than salary - continuous
capital-loss: Loss from investments - continuous
hours-per-week: No. of hours a person works - continuous.
native-country: United-States, Cambodia, England, Puerto-Rico, Canada, Germany, Outlying-US(Guam-USVI-etc), India, Japan, Greece, South, China, Cuba, Iran, Honduras, Philippines, Italy, Poland, Jamaica, Vietnam, Mexico, Portugal, Ireland, France, Dominican-Republic, Laos, Ecuador, Taiwan, Haiti, Columbia, Hungary, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Scotland, Thailand, Yugoslavia, El-Salvador, Trinadad&Tobago, Peru, Hong, Holand-Netherlands.
salary: >50K, <=50K (dependent variable, the salary is in Dollars per year)


Learning Outcomes:
Exploratory Data Analysis
Preparing the data to train a model
Training and understanding of data using a logistic regression model
Model evaluation


Steps and Tasks:
Import Libraries and Load Dataset
Overview of data
Data Visualization
Data preparation
Choose Model, Train, and Evaluate
Conclusion
