Problem Statement:

Lower back pain is a major cause of morbidity in the developed world, affecting 40% of people at some point in their lives. Back pain can be caused by a variety of problems with any parts of the complex, interconnected network of spinal muscles, nerves, bones, discs, or tendons in the lumbar spine. 

An irritation or problem with any of these structures can cause lower back pain and/or pain that radiates or is referred to other parts of the body. Many lower back problems also lead to back muscle spasms, which can cause severe pain and disability.

While lower back pain is extremely common, the symptoms and severity of lower back pain vary greatly.

The spine of each patient was classified as - normal or abnormal, by practitioners, using the collected physical spine details/data.

Attribute information: -

(Please Note: Medical knowledge is not important to answer the questions in the quiz)

1. Pelvic_incidence: angle between a line perpendicular to the sacral plate at its midpoint and a line connecting this point to the femoral head axis.
2. Pelvic tilt: is a position-dependent parameter defined as the angle created by a line running from the sacral endplate midpoint to the center of the bifemoral heads and the vertical axis
3. Lumbar_lordosis_angle: is defined by the angle between the upper plane of the L1 lumbar vertebrae and the upper plane of the S1 sacral vertebrae.
4. Sacral_slope: is defined as the angle between the horizontal and the sacral plate, and is a critical spinal parameter in the analysis of sagittal balance.
5. Pelvic_radius: The distance from the hip axis to the posterior-superior corner of the S1 endplate
6. Degree_spondylolisthesis: spondylolisthesis is a forward slip of one vertebra. Spondylolisthesis usually occurs towards the base of your spine in the lumbar area. The degree of spondylolisthesis describes the severity of vertebral body slipped forward.
7. Pelvic_slope: is the angle between a vertical line and the CS segment
8. Direct_tilt: *No Information*
9. Thoracic_slope: thoracic  angle between T1 slope and neck tilt
10. Cervical_tilt:n angle formed between the vertical line from the center of T1UEP and the line from the center of T1UEP to the center of the C2 vertebra
11. Sacrum_angle: is the angle formed by the true conjugate with the two pieces of the sacrum.
12. Scoliosis_slope: Scoliosis is a sideways curvature of the spine it represents the angle formed from the curvature of the spine
13. Status:- Normal or Abnormal



Kindly go through these guidelines before you attempt the quiz :
1. Use random_state=1 wherever this parameter can be used.
2. Ensure there is a proper internet connection while taking up the quiz. Any breakup in the connection will automatically submit your quiz.
3. Only attempt the quiz when you are prepared and have enough time on your hands to finish it. Please ensure you attempt the quiz well before the due date. No extension will be provided for any quiz once the deadline is passed.
4. The quiz once opened, must be completed within the time frame provided. You CANNOT start the quiz, leave it unattended for an extended period of time and come back later to finish.
5. No re-attempts will be provided if the quiz gets submitted for any of the above-mentioned reasons.
6. If you face any other technical issues on Olympus, you should share the screenshot with your Program Manager so that the team can understand and resolve it on priority.
